[docs] Add a note on torchao/quanto benchmarks for CogVideoX and memory-efficient inference (#9296)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/cogvideox.md

  - With enabling cpu offloading and tiling, memory usage is `11 GB`
- `pipe.vae.enable_slicing()`

### Quantized inference

> [PytorchAO](https://github.com/pytorch/ao) and [Optimum-quanto](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-quanto/) can be used to quantize the Text Encoder, Transformer and VAE modules to lower the memory requirement of CogVideoX. This makes it possible to run the model on a free-tier T4 Colab or lower VRAM GPUs as well!

Reviewer: 🔥 

```suggestion
[torchao](https://github.com/pytorch/ao) and [Optimum-quanto](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-quanto/) can be used to quantize the text encoder, Transformer and VAE modules to lower the memory requirements. This makes it possible to run the model on a free-tier T4 Colab or lower VRAM GPUs!
```

> It is also worth noting that TorchAO quantization is fully compatible with `torch.compile`, which allows for much faster inference speed. Additionally, the models can be serialized and stored in a quantized datatype to save disk space when using PytorchAO. Find examples and benchmarks at these links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also worth noting that torch quantization is fully compatible with [torch.compile](./optimization/torch2.0#torchcompile), which allows for much faster inference speed. Additionally, models can be serialized and stored in a quantized datatype to save disk space with torchao. Find examples and benchmarks in the gists below.
```

Author: seems like the url here was incorrect as it isn't accessible. probably need to remove the `./` before `optimization`?

  - With enabling cpu offloading and tiling, memory usage is `11 GB`
- `pipe.vae.enable_slicing()`

### Quantized inference

[PytorchAO](https://github.com/pytorch/ao) and [Optimum-quanto](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-quanto/) can be used to quantize the Text Encoder, Transformer and VAE modules to lower the memory requirement of CogVideoX. This makes it possible to run the model on free-tier T4 Colab or smaller VRAM GPUs as well! It is also worth noting that TorchAO quantization is fully compatible with torch.compile, which allows for much faster inference speed.

> ```python

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could just provide your gists here to keep the API specs clean and minimal?
